Welcome back everyone.
And this segment we're going to look at the some of the common activation function.
A lot of these should be quite familiar to you.
In some ways hopefully.
Let's start with the sigmoid function.
And notice that the squeeze the output to 0 and 1 2 between 0 and 1 and sigmoid is quite often use in
binary classification tangent Hage on the other hand squeeze the output to between minus 1 and 1 and
read Lou for those who come from the finance background we'll look at this and say That looks a lot
like a call option where you are indeed right.
It basically looks exactly like a call option with the strike of 0 any thing less than zero.
It would just convert the value to zero in terms of the output enough to that just increase in a gradual
manner leaky really.
On the other hand noticed that there are some negative values being like double quote through and followed
by E. Lou.
Okay exponential linear unit.
And let's look at some example in terms of the mathematical formulation is equal to Max bracket 0 or
b 3.
So anything less than zero it will default to zero F is greater than zero.
It will be the value in B3.
So that's basically how this actually works.
So as you move along that's basically the the actual.
Sorry.
Well the function is being applied to each and every one of these scalar value here.
Sigma is the same in terms of the formula is one divided by one plus exponent of minus X..
So that's essentially the sigmoid function and Rallo on the other hand applies the same.
And then you have leaky value.
Where would you saw led by.
Really.
So let's get lucky.
The liqueur low has zero point one.
Multiply by the X input so that this is the leaky part.
But the point one is up to you to set quite often is being set to zero point one.
You can't actually have lower value if you want to.
And the basic idea here.
So that there are some value being leaked through here in this spreadsheet here.
I provided all the pictures.
Well if you're 1 black and white this that one if you want color is that one you can actually go in
and look at how I actually calculate all of these the like you really do is provided here as well.
And then as far as the EU.
Okay.
So with that that's really what I wanted to highlight.
Thank you again for watching.
I hope this really quick run through gives you a sense of it.
I won't go into the equation itself.
You can do you find that quite easily just doing a simple googling Deep Learning activation function
and then type the one that you're looking forward to elude like you will or rarely do.
But the basic idea here is to look at the output function the output of the activation function and
get some sense of what these functions attempt to do with the with your input and what this does is
actually it's expedite the process and actually extract how you two actually converted to zero if it's
negative so that the delay that's being applied to your input data later on can perform the computation
better and some of these in particular are really which is extremely popular is used quite a lot more
now because it actually allows brought back propagation to be calculated quickly instead of using the
original tangent hedge right.
A little bit more on the activation function if we pass the output layer as shown on the right.
True Value activation function.
So the output layer.
This one here you will obtain the same result.
That's because red blue is how Rela works is there is zero any negative numbers and leave positive numbers
alone usually follow straight after convolution or layer.
Often that is not specified in the architecture itself.
If we go back to the carers let me just see if I can go back here.
This one here.
Notice these are the activation.
Is it good to read though you can specify others if you want to.
But in essence this is actually straight after the convolution there is usually not treated as a separate
layer it's just ask the output that comes out the convolution layer below function is applied to it.
You'll notice that in this summary of the CNN architecture there's no mention of red blue.
OK.
Right.
These are the are the so-called activation function.
This are the output plus the activation function with the different values that come out of it.
I've given a couple examples here.
The first one is the one that you've seen earlier.
The second one is to illustrate to you when you feet negative value into value you get 0 0.
Because they are negative values here.
If you apply these two sigmoid a squeeze it two between 0 and 1 and you've if you apply this to lick
you reload.
This is actually the output that you see.
No no longer does it actually convert it to 0.
It does allow some of the negative values being leak through.
All right.
That's pretty much what I wanted to cover when it comes to activation function.
When we come back we can look at the pulling layer.